well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
helicopter money the administration is
considering mulling over the idea
basically just cutting everybody a check
one grand two grand 3 grand number
hasn't been decided give everybody a
couple thousand dollars the Republicans
are interested in doing what seems a
whole lot like Andrew Yang's plan on a
short-term basis to stimulate the
economy that's their reason for doing it
okay Democrats seem many seem to be
opposing it some quietly some a little
more openly their reason for doing so is
pretty cynical I think their their
motivations for opposing it really have
to do with the belief that if the
administration cuts a check to everybody
in the country well he's going to get a
bump in the polls and that may be true
that may be true I would like to think
that the average Americans memory is a
little better than that
and they will remember the lackluster
response from the administration when
all of this started at the same time
from the perspective of the average
worker from the perspective of
controlling what's happening right now
why do most people go out at the moment
to go to work because they need the
money again my concern is not the
economy
my concern is people if people can stay
home and not lose their home they're
probably more likely to do so this seems
like a pretty good way to to make that
happen
I think the Democratic Party is making a
mistake by opposing this money in the
hands of the average person will not
only help stimulate the economy which I
literally do not care about that is not
high on my priority list but it will
enable people to stay home it will
enable people to stay home and that's
what we need to be focused on we need to
be focused on flattening the curve we
need to be focused on controlling what
is controllable and this is controllable
the federal government can do this it's
not without precedent it's happened
before this is I mean the reality is
it's dangerous out there take this take
that money I'm not a fan of ubi in
general terms because I believe it
creates dependence on the government
from from a philosophical standpoint I
think that's bad however if we're going
to have an overreaching government that
is capable of doing anything and has
this power this seems like a pretty good
moment to use it
I would rather that money go into the
hands of the average working person than
into Wall Street they're gonna have to
stimulate the economy somehow why not
keep people in their homes at the same
time it seems like a good idea I am NOT
as concerned about the outcome of the
election I understand the Democratic
Party that's what they do that's what
they're worried about I think they're
making a critical error I don't think
it's necessary for the average American
to suffer to understand that Trump's not
a great president if you cannot defeat
Trump
without making the average American lose
their home or have to choose between
losing their home and paying their bills
or spreading what's going around right
now you probably need a different
campaign strategy we need to focus on
controlling what's happening controlling
the elements that we can keeping people
in their homes is the best way to do
that anyway
it's just thought y'all have a good
night